Walk them back.
Now what I'm going to talk about in this video you'll just have to trust me on if you haven't worked
in large teams.
It's hard to imagine these problems.
And one of the main reasons that companies are afraid of hiring junior developers is that they don't
have experience with this process.
So I know it's not the best way for me to just say hey trust me.
Just follow along.
But for this one let's do that.
Just trust me that I have faced these problems.
I have helped implement these patterns and companies and they're really really important to know especially
as a senior developer.
Now let's get back on track.
You see each project usually starts up with a project set up you decide on the folder structure you
maybe think of the build steps like setting up a web pack or using create re-act app but then you also
want to set up what we call your continuous integration.
The sooner you set it up the more standard your codebase will have and less headaches you'll have later
on it's continuous integration is something that happens or should happen at the very beginning of a
project.
And then you can slowly start to expand to things like continuous delivery and continuous deployment.
One day and again I'm telling you this from experience if you're working for a startup and you start
from scratch go to your boss and let him or her know why you need to set this up right away.
In the long run as the team grows they'll have less bugs and more manageable code.
They're going to think if you're a superstar now old software practices used to do this and the Stiger
everyone worked on a feature or a bug let's say we had a team of 10 developers then they all pushed
all of their changes to something like get help on a branch and then it would just sit there until let's
say Friday where they would then wait and all of them would merge.
There are changes all at once into the master branch you would get conflicts and panics before the weekend
and people would have to fix their code because they broke other parts of the code.
Now continuous integration avoids this by having coders make poll requests daily emerging to master
daily.
It's important that developers integrate their changes as soon as possible on the main repository.
If you get the code sitting on the branch or developer workstation for too long then you expose yourself
to the risk of having too many conflicts and all these features not working together.
By integrating your code early you reduce the scope of the changes which makes it easier for people
to understand conflicts or when you have them.
And there are also a lot smaller now.
In order for us to be making constant cool requests and daily code reviews and daily merges to master
like we want to do here we need a little bit of help.
Luckily for us there there's tools out there that we can use including free ones that can help this
process and help us implement continuous integration so that we go from here to looking like this.
The one thing you might notice here is that we've added a few things.
One is that we now have tests linking maybe typescript So we have static typing to avoid any errors.
We run those on our computer as developers locally as we're working on a feature.
And then we perhaps put it through something like purtier which we'll talk about that formats your code
in a standard way so despite having all these developers all the code is going to look the same and
it will be prettier.
And that code goes up to get help.
And here on get hub before there's any code review or before we do any merges we pass off that pull
request to one of these tools that's going to run some tests for us.
And here I have circle C.I. a tool that we're going to be using in the next couple of videos and I'll
demonstrate how it works.
There's many solutions out there.
You have circle see-I.
Travis see-I coach Chip Smith for CII Jenkin's bamboo team city or many many others.
Again software tools come with the best names don't they.
Anyway they work in a simple way.
You have a server that runs your continuous integration or continuous delivery.
What does that mean.
Well when you merge once you've tested everything when you make the poor request to get help get a job
automatically lets a circle see-I server know hey we just have a pool request can you run all the tests
perhaps a run typescript run lending run all the tests make sure everything passes and build the project.
If nothing fails in that step everything is good to go.
All right.
This PR is valid.
You can now do a code review and somebody can do a final check on the code and then people can merge
it.
So we're adding this extra step over here or an extra machine that's going to do some work for us automatically
every time we make a PR and circle see-I is a software as a service solution.
It hosts servers for you and you don't have to worry about it.
They'll manage the server and they'll run the test for you.
All you need to do is just tell them what they need to run on like Circle C.I. or Travis s.i.
If you're worried about security or you want to just have your own server and manage your own server
let's say that Kaikohe Corp. wants to manage their own server for continuous integration.
Well you can use other tools like Jenkins to do that which lets you manage the server yourself.
And it's a little bit more flexible but circle C.I. is great.
I've worked with Sturgell CIO before.
It's really really nice to use and all these tools are quite similar.
So we're going to use circle C.I. as an example to understand fully what continuous integration does
how you can add this piece into our flow including pre-Iraq year including tasks so that in the future
when he started Project you can implement this on your own.
So in the next video we're going to get started with our CII pipeline.
See that one by.